docs[Native Histograms]: histogram_stddev and histogram_stdvar should use arithmetic mean (#2628)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/specs/native_histograms.md

Similarly, `histogram_stddev()` and `histogram_stdvar()` return the estimated
standard deviation or standard variance, respectively, of the observations in a
native histogram. For this estimation, all observations in a bucket are assumed to

> have the value of the geometric mean (or arithmetic mean for custom bucket histogram
> samples) of the bucket boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have the value of the mean of the bucket boundaries. For the zero bucket and for buckets with custom boundaries, the arithmetic mean is used. For standard exponential buckets, the geometric mean is used.
```
